Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California. The company was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne in April 1976. Apple is known for its innovative products including the iPhone, iPad, and Mac computers.

Microsoft Corporation is another major technology company based in Redmond, Washington. It was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April 4, 1975. Microsoft is famous for its Windows operating system and Office productivity suite.

Google LLC, now a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc., was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University in California. The company was officially incorporated on September 4, 1998.

Amazon.com Inc. was founded by Jeff Bezos in July 1994 in Bellevue, Washington. The company started as an online bookstore but has since expanded to become one of the world's largest e-commerce and cloud computing companies.

Tesla Inc. is an electric vehicle and clean energy company based in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, though Elon Musk joined the company early and became its most prominent figure.

The New York Times reported that Facebook Inc., now known as Meta Platforms Inc., was founded by Mark Zuckerberg in February 2004 while he was a student at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Netflix Inc. was founded in 1997 by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph in Scotts Valley, California. The company revolutionized the entertainment industry by pioneering video streaming services.

IBM (International Business Machines Corporation) has its headquarters in Armonk, New York. The company was founded in 1911 and has been a major player in the technology industry for over a century.

Oracle Corporation is based in Austin, Texas, and was founded by Larry Ellison, Bob Miner, and Ed Oates in June 1977. The company is known for its database software and cloud computing services.

Salesforce Inc. was founded by Marc Benioff and Parker Harris in February 1999 in San Francisco, California. The company pioneered cloud-based customer relationship management (CRM) software.
